Peter Podniesinski 
Term Project: Time Sheet

4/12--3 hours spent in clusters
4/13--2 hours spent  Researching similar products,
	potential options like features, friendly UI possibilities,
	modes and settings.
4/14--2 hour spent debugging and planning next steps 
	in the project.(Understanding the Problem)
4/16--4 hours- improving User Interface. Adding Score
	and time features to increase functionality of the 
	game
4/17--1 1/2 hours- used to debug and fix word dictionary
	acessing. Acquire text files and create functions to
	prompt user
4/22--2pm-4pm:2 hours spent debugging program and introducing
	still non-functional buttons to later on be used for
	features
4/22--6:30-11 time spent seriously changing functionality 
	and fundamental use of program. Also fixed serious bug
	with dictionary acess
4/23--3 hours
4/24--2 hours
4/26--3 hours spent writting program to recursively check for 
	words on the board via backtracking
4/27--3 hours spent increasing UI where you can type the letters 
	and see them on the screen. Also, worked on utilizing backspace
	with this feature. Increased UI so that you could click/un-click tiles
	with the word being registered appropriately.
4/28--2 hour spent creating a speed round mode where every word 
	made is tallied up for 13 constant points. Continued working on splash
	screen and instructions menu
4/28--8-12 pm 4 hours spent creating really neat AI which solves the boggle board
	and displays the total number of possible words. This was done by scripting
	through my dictionary file. Next I applied these functions to also display a 
	maximum possible Score( also great UI ). I introduced more features on the
	main menu screen so that I can turn sound on/off. Had to debug the two functions that displayed total words and best score so that they update when
	a player rotates the board at the begining of the game.
4/29--5 hours spent Debugged a major bug in my recursive OnBoard() function
	which would infinite loop on certaint words. Had odd bug which kept displaying buttons on consecutive screens including my (Instructions and Highscore page). Added an interesting feature where board is hidden gray whenever the game is Paused so that people cannot cheat. Also included a highScores list which updates itself and records high scores even when the game is offLine. Then I added a main menu Button on the play screen so that you can go back to the main menu. Finally I got my replay function to work 
	correctly
4/30--4 hours spent making final touch ups. I included a highScore display 
	which shows the top high score in my scores.txt file. This helps users compare what they have done and how they are doing. I created the readme.txt files, design folders and files explaining that, I put time into downloading software and getting my youtube video to work. Also, fixed a minor bug with my instructions/highScores page.
5/1--2 hours spent finalizing total project, testing every feature, making sure 	every piece of code works properly. Uploading and finishing completely.


Total Time Spent: 47 hours